revSaveAsEmscriptenStandalone,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revsaveasemscriptenstandalone.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsColumnGroupButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorscolumngroupbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
Page Setup,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revpagesetup.rev
revIDEDeveloperExtensionLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revidedeveloperextensionlibrary.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsInclusionsBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsinclusionsbehavior.livecodescript
revCursors,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revcursors.rev
revStandaloneSettingsStacksBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsstacksbehavior.livecodescript
revDocsParser,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdocsparser.livecodescript
revwidgettrackerlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revwidgettrackerlibrary.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettings,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettings.8.rev
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsVerticalScrollbarButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsverticalscrollbarbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revwelcome,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/welcome/revwelcome.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsHeaderButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsheaderbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revSplashStackBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/splash/revsplashstackbehavior.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsEmscriptenBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsemscriptenbehavior.livecodescript
revNewScriptEditor,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/script editor/revscripteditor.8.rev
revGeneralPatterns,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revgeneralpatterns.rev
revIDEProjectBrowser,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/project browser/revideprojectbrowser.livecode
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsDefaultHeaderButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsdefaultheaderbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsDropIndicatorButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsdropindicatorbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revdebuggerlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdebuggerlibrary.livecodescript
revMenuManager,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revmenumanager.rev
revOnlineLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revonlinelibrary.rev
revDictionary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/dictionary/revdictionary.livecode
revreshapelibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revreshapelibrary.livecodescript
revInspector,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/inspector/revinspector.livecodescript
Page Setup Dialog,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revpagesetupdialog.rev
revSaveAsIOSStandalone,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revsaveasiosstandalone.livecodescript
revprofileslibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revprofileslibrary.livecodescript
revReplicate,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revreplicate.rev
revcommonlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revcommonlibrary.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsDefaultColumnButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsdefaultcolumnbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revRulersH,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revrulersh.rev
revanimationlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revanimationlibrary.livecodescript
revLibURL,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revliburl.livecodescript
Print Dialog,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revprintdialog.rev
revgeometrylibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revgeometrylibrary.livecodescript
revPaletteBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/behaviors/revpalettebehavior.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsIosBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsiosbehavior.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsGeneralBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsgeneralbehavior.livecodescript
revIDEProjectBrowserLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revideprojectbrowserlibrary.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsLinuxBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingslinuxbehavior.livecodescript
revStartCenter,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/start center/revStartCenter.livecode
revStandaloneSettingsInclusionsRowBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsinclusionsrowbehavior.livecodescript
revDeployLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdeploylibrary.livecodescript
revRotate,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revrotate.livecode
revStartCenterBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/start center/revStartCenterBehavior.livecodescript
revAbout,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revabout.rev
revhtml5urllibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revhtml5urllibrary.livecodescript
revIconChooser,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/reviconchooser.rev
LiveCodeAppDeployer,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revmobiledeployer.rev
revIDEExtensionManagerBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension manager/revideextensionmanagerbehavior.livecodescript
revLinuxCursors,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revlinuxcursors.rev
revIDEExtensionManagerStoreBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension manager/revideextensionmanagerstorebehavior.livecodescript
revInspectorBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/behaviors/revinspectorbehavior.livecodescript
Printer Chooser,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revprinterchooser.rev
Ask Dialog,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revaskdialog.rev
revIDESnippetViewer,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/snippet viewer/revidesnippetviewer.livecode
revStandaloneSettingsCopyFilesBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingscopyfilesbehavior.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsNew,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/inspector/revstandalonesettingsnew.livecodescript
revErrorDisplay,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/reverrordisplay.livecodescript
revrulersscriptlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revrulersscriptlibrary.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsHeaderMaskButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsheadermaskbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revCoreStackBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/behaviors/revcorestackbehavior.livecodescript
revSplash,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/splash/revSplash.livecode
revStandaloneSettingsBugReportsBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsbugreportsbehavior.livecodescript
revprintlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revprintlibrary.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsMacBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsmacbehavior.livecodescript
Answer Dialog,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revanswerdialog.rev
revExtensionBuilder,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension builder/revextensionbuilder.livecode
revProjectBrowserBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/project browser/revprojectbrowserbehavior.livecodescript
revPreferencesGUI,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revpreferencesgui.rev
revmetadatalibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revmetadatalibrary.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsFieldEditorButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsfieldeditorbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revinitialisationlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revinitialisationlibrary.livecodescript
revSaveAsAndroidStandalone,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revsaveasandroidstandalone.livecodescript
revOnline,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revonline.rev
revExtensionBuilderBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension builder/revextensionbuilderbehavior.livecodescript
revdatabaselibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdatabaselibrary.livecodescript
revbackscriptlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revbackscriptlibrary 2.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsActionControlHolderBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsactioncontrolholderbehavior.livecodescript
revnomessageslibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revnomessageslibrary.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsDgListMessageCatcherButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsdglistmessagecatcherbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revMessageWatcher,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revmessagewatcher.rev
revTools,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/tools/revtools.livecodescript
revMenuBar,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/menubar/revmenubar.livecodescript
revIdeMessageHandlerLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revidemessagehandlerlibrary.livecodescript
revVariableWatcher,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revvariablewatcher.rev
revidelibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revidelibrary.8.livecodescript
revIDEExtensionManagerListBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension manager/revideextensionmanagerlistbehavior.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsbehavior.livecodescript
revIDEDocumentationLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revidedocumentationlibrary.livecodescript
revIDEExtensionManager,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension manager/revideextensionmanager.livecode
revshortcutslibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revshortcutslibrary.livecodescript
revDataGridLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary.rev
revPlugInEditor,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revplugineditor.rev
revOnlineStackBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/behaviors/revonlinestackbehavior.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsRowChainedBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsrowchainedbehavior.livecodescript
revbackscriptlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revbackscriptlibrary.livecodescript
revDeployLibraryIOS,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdeploylibraryios.livecodescript
revSBLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revsblibrary.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsSwipeControlHolderBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/bahaviorsswipecontrolholderbehavior.livecodescript
Message Box,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/message box/revmessagebox.8.rev
revAddLibraryStack,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revaddlibrarystack.livecode
revtablelibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revtablelibrary.livecodescript
revIDEExtensionManagerRowBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/extension manager/revideextensionmanagerrowbehavior.livecodescript
revideextensionlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revideextensionlibrary.livecodescript
revSearch,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revsearch.rev
revSaveAsStandalone,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revsaveasstandalone.livecodescript
revRestore,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revrestore.livecode
revDeployLibraryAndroid,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdeploylibraryandroid.livecodescript
revfrontscriptlibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revfrontscriptlibrary.livecodescript
revxmlrpclibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revxmlrpclibrary.livecodescript
revSaving,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revsaving.livecode
revRulersV,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revrulersv.rev
revMacCursors,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revmaccursors.rev
File Selector,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revfileselector.rev
revFileAssociations,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revfileassociations.livecode
revCore,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revCore.8.livecode
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsHorizontalScrollbarButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorshorizontalscrollbarbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsTrackDragDropButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorstrackdragdropbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revResourceCenter,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revresourcecenter.rev
revIcons,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revicons.rev
RevDataGridLibraryBehaviorsDataGridButtonBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revdatagridlibrary/behaviorsdatagridbuttonbehavior.livecodescript
revAboutCardBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/behaviors/revaboutcardbehavior.livecodescript
Color Chooser,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revcolorchooser.rev
revImageLibrary,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revimagelibrary.rev
revBrushpopup,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/tools/revBrushpopup.livecode
revInspectorTemplate,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/inspector/revinspectortemplate.livecodescript
revGeneralIcons,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/revgeneralicons.rev
revdeploylibraryemscripten,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/libraries/revdeploylibraryemscripten.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsWindowsBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingswindowsbehavior.livecodescript
revTutorial,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/tutorial/revtutorial.livecodescript
revStandaloneSettingsAndroidBehavior,/Users/pmcclernan/Desktop/OpenXTalk/OpenXTalk.app/Contents/Tools/Toolset/palettes/standalone settings/revstandalonesettingsandroidbehavior.livecodescript
revPreferences,/Users/pmcclernan/Library/Preferences/RunRev/openxtalk7.rev
